---
layout: page
title: Primary/Special Election
permalink: /4k
---

I'm glad you made it here! I am running for Precinct Captain in Kettering 4K. I'm doing it because I believe in honest, curious conversations with people and coming to fair compromises. I believe in them, but I don't see them happening in national politics. So here I am, starting them in my own neighborhood. 

I have read a lot about politics these last few years, from all sides. I read the New York Times every day, I look over Fox News every week or so, and I keep up with ground.news, which is a website that aggregates and presents news articles from every perspective. 

I have a solid foundation in government; I earned a 5 on the AP US Government test in high school and have only learned more in the decades since.

I also am affiliated with Team Kettering, a pro-democracy group that I'd love to get you in contact with. I have attended a candidate forum hosted by the South Dayton Democrats, and have spent hours researching and writing.

Here are my thoughts. Feel free to pick and choose from these opinions what you will. We can definitely be friends if we disagree. I'd love to hear what you think, if you disagree.

### Bond Issue
Do children need brand new schools to learn? No.   

Do brand new schools attract new families and good teachers? They do. 

My children will not benefit very much from these new buildings. Some of them attend the Dayton Regional STEM School (whose new building was a nonzero factor in my decision to send them), and the others will graduate before the projects are completed. I am going to vote yes from a property value perspective, which is as follows.

The best teachers can choose which school districts to work in. Kettering’s current reputation is that the community financially supports the schools. If Kettering gets the reputation that its community cannot afford to keep its schools safe, warm, and dry– that is a sinking ship that prospective teachers and families want to run from. 

Property values support the schools, and the schools support the property values. I wish that school funding wasn't tied to property value, but voting against this levy won't change that. There are many terrible things a homeowner can do to protect property values. Comparatively, building beautiful schools for our young people to prepare for the fast-moving future is a pretty good one.

We have many neighboring school districts with beautiful facilities.  The property tax increase is about the cost of a house project (that you don’t have to do any work on). New school buildings will keep prospective families interested in our neighborhoods, and our property values will stay high.  

### Kettering City Council
Sandra Brasington was endorsed by Jim Tressel, the head coach of OSU football. They won a lot of games, and he donated a lot of money.  But according to his Wikipedia page, he looked the other way, on two separate occasions, when he had knowledge of serious violations of his players. He is successful, but I don’t trust his endorsement of Sandra Brasington.

From what I can gather from her limited online presence, Ms. Brasington holds a high position in the Ohio Republican Party. I don’t like painting all Republicans with the same brush, but the Republicans in the US Congress are acting as one bloc led by Donald Trump, so I will refer to them like that here. 

I am not pleased with the Republican Party right now for these reasons: 
- They have voted four times to allow Trump to exercise the Senate's exclusive power to wage war. 
- They are removing “violent criminals” (immigrants) from their communities (most of the immigrants have no violent convictions) who “broke the law.” But the Republicans are letting Trump stay in the highest office regardless of his 34 convicted felonies. 
- They are not requiring Trump to testify under oath in Congress about his hundreds of thousands of appearances in the Epstein files, even though they required Hillary Clinton (who is not in the files) to testify about them for six hours. 
- They are lowering taxes for the wealthy and dismantling the protections against climate change, natural disasters, disease, and disability. These disasters affect the poor more than the rich, who are insulated by their money. I am concerned for the people who are suffering and will suffer. I am also concerned because unequal societies are unstable. (I like stable societies.)      

I like many Republican policies, or what Republican policies used to be. I like it when they encourage business and industry, prevent regulation from stifling growth, and protect the country and justice everywhere. I like when they are responsible with the country’s resources and encourage work and self-sufficiency. 

What I see right now is self-interested billionaires teaming up with white supremacists to exploit the dissatisfaction of men, rural voters, and religious people. Together, this group is dismantling the democratic society that the founding fathers gifted us. I think we need to listen to the true concerns of all these groups and find compromises so that no one wants to burn down the country anymore. Even if Trump is removed, we will still have all of his supporters who will feel the exact same way they did before. They will just find a new figurehead. 

I believe we need reconciliation, not retribution. We need to avoid the oscillation of violence that occurred during the French Revolution, the Rwandan civil war, and the English violence between Catholics and Protestants. We do this by listening and compromising to build a society where all can prosper. I don't see Republicans doing this right now, so I don't want to vote more into office. 


### US Senate: Sherrod Brown vs. Ron Kincaid
A couple of weeks ago, I attended a meeting where I heard from the candidates on the May 5 ballot. Sherrod Brown sent his campaign manager, and I loved her. 

Ron Kincaid attended in person and said that Ohio voters had already voted against Sherrod Brown. Instead, they chose even Bernie Moreno, who cheated his workers. Mr. Kincaid said that this shows that Ohio voters want something different than what Sherrod Brown is offering. Mr. Kincaid said he will sit down with Republicans and work with them. I think that’s a good plan. There are reasons why people voted Republican in 2024, and they still exist. Compromise is essential in a plural society.  If elected leaders do not listen and come to an agreement, voters become disaffected and want to burn it all down. Which has been occurring. 

Kincaid would be a compelling name in the November election. Here’s someone who is not part of MAGA, but is capable of entertaining Republican ideas.

Mr. Kincaid also said that he and three moms got a Medicaid rule changed that excluded children with Autism from benefits. Someone told him it would be changed “over [her] dead body.” He said it took a year, but they got it changed. No dead bodies involved. 

### US House of Representatives OH-10 
Foggie vs Knickerbocker vs Pombo vs Kinner vs Beckett vs Esrati. 
The moderator asked these candidates, “What will you do to hold President Trump accountable?” I think Foggie, Knickerbocker, and Pombo said versions of “Just send me to Washington.” Which actually isn’t a plan. Beckett was aware that as a member of the House of Representatives, she could impeach but not remove Trump. Jan Kinner said, “More Democrats in Washington,” and “the power of the purse.” The power of the purse is exactly the correct answer, from a Constitutional perspective. 

Kinner’s online issue positions look thoughtful and well-researched.

I liked Manuel Foggie. I hope he stays in public life.
Kristina Knickerbocker seems like she has a lot in her future. 
Tony Pombo has put in the hours doing grass-roots politics. 
I hope David Esrati keeps writing and that his lawsuit to remove Mike Foley goes well.
Janice Beckett is an experienced lawyer advising federal military officials. She would be my second choice for this office. 

### Ohio Attorney General
Elliot Forhan has a fiery website about social justice and political accountability that I really wanted to get behind. However, I learned that the Ohio Democrat Party has endorsed his opponent, John Kulewicz. Forhan is too radical even for them. Forhan said repeatedly on social media that he wanted to convict and *execute* Donald Trump. Co-workers have accused Forhan of harassment. Democrat House Minority Leader Allison Russo (see below) removed him from his Ohio Congress committee assignments, his office, and the statehouse after altercations with lawmakers and constituents. So I guess however boring John Kulewicz looks, I’ll take him. I think Elliot Forhan is not someone that the Republicans of Ohio could elect in November.

### Ohio Secretary of State
Allison Russo and Bryan Hambley both look like great candidates. I’m sad they’re running against each other. They both have strong platforms of fair maps and fair ballot language.  Allison Russo was the Democrat House Minority Leader, which shows that lawmakers like her. She flipped her district from Republican to Democrat, meaning voters who had previously voted for Republicans voted for her. Perhaps she could win the November election against a Republican. She has been involved in map-drawing several times and knows who should and should not be on, what should be, *independent* map-drawing committees. 

Bryan Hambley is a cancer doctor with an engaging personality. He has seen patients go broke after getting cancer. He followed the issues “upstream” and found that gerrymandered maps and deceitful ballot language were responsible for the bad outcomes Ohioans are facing now. Sometimes the best politicians are pulled out of other sectors when the need is great enough.

Good luck choosing on that one. 

### Member of County Central Committee
Holly Braun- I’m running to help voters in Precinct 4-K stay informed and involved in our changing political landscape. I hope you will take time this spring to vote in the Primary/Special Election and include a vote for me on your ballot. We have work to do, and I’m excited to get started. 
