{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green180\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c20238\c73898\c14947;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Last login: Wed Apr 27 07:11:00 on console\
hollybraun@braunbook ~ % cd Code\
hollybraun@braunbook Code % cd hollyadele.github.io \
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % git status\
On branch master\
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.\
\
nothing to commit, working tree clean\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % bundle show\
Gems included by the bundle:\
  * activesupport (4.2.10)\
  * addressable (2.8.0)\
  * bundler (1.17.2)\
  * coffee-script (2.4.1)\
  * coffee-script-source (1.11.1)\
  * colorator (1.1.0)\
  * commonmarker (0.17.13)\
  * concurrent-ruby (1.1.9)\
  * dnsruby (1.61.7)\
  * em-websocket (0.5.2)\
  * ethon (0.14.0)\
  * eventmachine (1.2.7)\
  * execjs (2.7.0)\
  * faraday (1.5.1)\
  * faraday-em_http (1.0.0)\
  * faraday-em_synchrony (1.0.0)\
  * faraday-excon (1.1.0)\
  * faraday-httpclient (1.0.1)\
  * faraday-net_http (1.0.1)\
  * faraday-net_http_persistent (1.2.0)\
  * faraday-patron (1.0.0)\
  * ffi (1.15.3)\
  * forwardable-extended (2.6.0)\
  * gemoji (3.0.0)\
  * github-pages (192)\
  * github-pages-health-check (1.8.1)\
  * html-pipeline (2.8.4)\
  * http_parser.rb (0.6.0)\
  * i18n (0.9.5)\
  * jekyll (3.7.4)\
  * jekyll-avatar (0.6.0)\
  * jekyll-coffeescript (1.1.1)\
  * jekyll-commonmark (1.2.0)\
  * jekyll-commonmark-ghpages (0.1.5)\
  * jekyll-default-layout (0.1.4)\
  * jekyll-feed (0.10.0)\
  * jekyll-gist (1.5.0)\
  * jekyll-github-metadata (2.9.4)\
  * jekyll-mentions (1.4.1)\
  * jekyll-optional-front-matter (0.3.0)\
  * jekyll-paginate (1.1.0)\
  * jekyll-readme-index (0.2.0)\
  * jekyll-redirect-from (0.14.0)\
  * jekyll-relative-links (0.5.3)\
  * jekyll-remote-theme (0.3.1)\
  * jekyll-sass-converter (1.5.2)\
  * jekyll-seo-tag (2.5.0)\
  * jekyll-sitemap (1.2.0)\
  * jekyll-swiss (0.4.0)\
  * jekyll-theme-architect (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-cayman (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-dinky (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-hacker (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-leap-day (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-merlot (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-midnight (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-minimal (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-modernist (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-primer (0.5.3)\
  * jekyll-theme-slate (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-tactile (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-theme-time-machine (0.1.1)\
  * jekyll-titles-from-headings (0.5.1)\
  * jekyll-watch (2.2.1)\
  * jemoji (0.10.1)\
  * kramdown (1.17.0)\
  * liquid (4.0.0)\
  * listen (3.1.5)\
  * mercenary (0.3.6)\
  * mini_portile2 (2.8.0)\
  * minima (2.5.0)\
  * minitest (5.11.3)\
  * multipart-post (2.1.1)\
  * nokogiri (1.13.3)\
  * octokit (4.21.0)\
  * pathutil (0.16.2)\
  * public_suffix (2.0.5)\
  * racc (1.6.0)\
  * rb-fsevent (0.11.0)\
  * rb-inotify (0.10.1)\
  * rouge (2.2.1)\
  * ruby-enum (0.7.2)\
  * ruby2_keywords (0.0.4)\
  * ruby_dep (1.5.0)\
  * rubyzip (2.3.0)\
  * safe_yaml (1.0.5)\
  * sass (3.7.4)\
  * sass-listen (4.0.0)\
  * sawyer (0.8.2)\
  * simpleidn (0.2.1)\
  * terminal-table (1.8.0)\
  * thread_safe (0.3.6)\
  * typhoeus (1.4.0)\
  * tzinfo (1.2.5)\
  * unf (0.1.4)\
  * unf_ext (0.0.7.7)\
  * unicode-display_width (1.4.0)\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % gem outdated\
activesupport (4.2.10 < 7.0.2.4)\
bigdecimal (1.4.1 < 3.1.2)\
bundler (1.17.2 < 2.3.12)\
coffee-script-source (1.11.1 < 1.12.2)\
commonmarker (0.17.13 < 0.23.4)\
concurrent-ruby (1.1.9 < 1.1.10)\
csv (3.0.2 < 3.2.3)\
date (1.0.0 < 3.2.2)\
dbm (1.0.0 < 1.1.0)\
did_you_mean (1.3.0 < 1.6.1)\
dnsruby (1.61.7 < 1.61.9)\
em-websocket (0.5.2 < 0.5.3)\
etc (1.0.1 < 1.3.0)\
ethon (0.14.0 < 0.15.0)\
execjs (2.7.0 < 2.8.1)\
executable-hooks (1.6.0 < 1.6.1)\
faraday (1.5.1 < 2.2.0)\
faraday-excon (1.1.0 < 2.1.0)\
faraday-httpclient (1.0.1 < 2.0.1)\
faraday-net_http (1.0.1 < 2.0.2)\
faraday-net_http_persistent (1.2.0 < 2.0.1)\
faraday-patron (1.0.0 < 2.0.1)\
fcntl (1.0.0 < 1.0.1)\
ffi (1.15.3 < 1.15.5)\
fiddle (1.0.0 < 1.1.0)\
fileutils (1.1.0 < 1.6.0)\
forwardable (1.2.0 < 1.3.2)\
gemoji (3.0.0 < 3.0.1)\
github-pages (192 < 226)\
github-pages-health-check (1.8.1 < 1.17.9)\
html-pipeline (2.8.4 < 2.14.1)\
http_parser.rb (0.6.0 < 0.8.0)\
i18n (0.9.5 < 1.10.0)\
io-console (0.4.7 < 0.5.11)\
ipaddr (1.2.2 < 1.2.4)\
irb (1.0.0 < 1.4.1)\
jekyll (3.7.4 < 4.2.2)\
jekyll-avatar (0.6.0 < 0.8.0)\
jekyll-coffeescript (1.1.1 < 2.0.0)\
jekyll-commonmark (1.2.0 < 1.4.0)\
jekyll-commonmark-ghpages (0.1.5 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-default-layout (0.1.4 < 0.1.5)\
jekyll-feed (0.10.0 < 0.16.0)\
jekyll-github-metadata (2.9.4 < 2.13.0)\
jekyll-mentions (1.4.1 < 1.6.0)\
jekyll-optional-front-matter (0.3.0 < 0.3.2)\
jekyll-readme-index (0.2.0 < 0.3.0)\
jekyll-redirect-from (0.14.0 < 0.16.0)\
jekyll-relative-links (0.5.3 < 0.6.1)\
jekyll-remote-theme (0.3.1 < 0.4.3)\
jekyll-sass-converter (1.5.2 < 2.2.0)\
jekyll-seo-tag (2.5.0 < 2.8.0)\
jekyll-sitemap (1.2.0 < 1.4.0)\
jekyll-swiss (0.4.0 < 1.0.0)\
jekyll-theme-architect (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-cayman (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-dinky (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-hacker (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-leap-day (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-merlot (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-midnight (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-minimal (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-modernist (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-primer (0.5.3 < 0.6.0)\
jekyll-theme-slate (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-tactile (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-time-machine (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-titles-from-headings (0.5.1 < 0.5.3)\
jemoji (0.10.1 < 0.12.0)\
json (2.1.0 < 2.6.1)\
kramdown (2.3.1 < 2.4.0)\
liquid (4.0.0 < 5.3.0)\
listen (3.1.5 < 3.7.1)\
logger (1.3.0 < 1.5.1)\
matrix (0.1.0 < 0.4.2)\
mercenary (0.3.6 < 0.4.0)\
minima (2.5.0 < 2.5.1)\
minitest (5.11.3 < 5.15.0)\
mutex_m (0.1.0 < 0.1.1)\
nokogiri (1.13.3 < 1.13.4)\
nokogiri (1.10.10 < 1.13.4)\
octokit (4.21.0 < 4.22.0)\
openssl (2.1.2 < 3.0.0)\
ostruct (0.1.0 < 0.5.5)\
power_assert (1.1.3 < 2.0.1)\
prime (0.1.0 < 0.1.2)\
psych (3.1.0 < 4.0.3)\
public_suffix (2.0.5 < 4.0.7)\
rake (12.3.2 < 13.0.6)\
rb-fsevent (0.11.0 < 0.11.1)\
rdoc (6.1.0 < 6.4.0)\
rexml (3.1.9 < 3.2.5)\
rouge (2.2.1 < 3.28.0)\
rss (0.2.7 < 0.2.9)\
ruby-enum (0.7.2 < 0.9.0)\
ruby2_keywords (0.0.4 < 0.0.5)\
rubyzip (2.3.0 < 2.3.2)\
sawyer (0.8.2 < 0.9.1)\
shell (0.7 < 0.8.1)\
stringio (0.0.2 < 3.0.1)\
strscan (1.0.0 < 3.0.1)\
terminal-table (1.8.0 < 3.0.2)\
test-unit (3.2.9 < 3.5.3)\
thwait (0.1.0 < 0.2.0)\
tracer (0.1.0 < 0.1.1)\
tzinfo (1.2.5 < 2.0.4)\
unf_ext (0.0.7.7 < 0.0.8.1)\
unicode-display_width (1.4.0 < 2.1.0)\
webrick (1.4.2 < 1.7.0)\
xmlrpc (0.3.0 < 0.3.2)\
zlib (1.0.0 < 2.1.1)\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % gem update --system\
Updating rubygems-update\
Fetching rubygems-update-3.3.12.gem\
Successfully installed rubygems-update-3.3.12\
Parsing documentation for rubygems-update-3.3.12\
Installing ri documentation for rubygems-update-3.3.12\
Installing darkfish documentation for rubygems-update-3.3.12\
Done installing documentation for rubygems-update after 286 seconds\
Parsing documentation for rubygems-update-3.3.12\
Done installing documentation for rubygems-update after 0 seconds\
Installing RubyGems 3.3.12\
  Successfully built RubyGem\
  Name: bundler\
  Version: 2.3.12\
  File: bundler-2.3.12.gem\
Bundler 2.3.12 installed\
RubyGems 3.3.12 installed\
Regenerating binstubs\
Regenerating plugins\
Parsing documentation for rubygems-3.3.12\
Installing ri documentation for rubygems-3.3.12\
\
# 3.3.12 / 2022-04-20\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Less error swallowing when installing gems. Pull request #5475 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Stop considering `RUBY_PATCHLEVEL` for resolution. Pull request #5472 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Bump vendored optparse to latest master. Pull request #5466 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Installs bundler 2.3.12 as a default gem.\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Fix formatting in docs. Pull request #5470 by peterzhu2118\
* Fix a typo. Pull request #5401 by znz\
\
# 3.3.11 / 2022-04-07\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Enable mfa on specific keys during gem signin. Pull request #5305 by\
  aellispierce\
* Prefer `__dir__` to `__FILE__`. Pull request #5444 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Add cargo builder for rust extensions. Pull request #5175 by ianks\
* Installs bundler 2.3.11 as a default gem.\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Improve RDoc setup. Pull request #5398 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.3.10 / 2022-03-23\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Installs bundler 2.3.10 as a default gem.\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Enable `Gem::Package` example in RDoc documentation. Pull request #5399\
  by nobu\
* Unhide RDoc documentation from top level `Gem` module. Pull request\
  #5396 by nobu\
\
# 3.3.9 / 2022-03-09\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Installs bundler 2.3.9 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.3.8 / 2022-02-23\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Installs bundler 2.3.8 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.3.7 / 2022-02-09\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Installs bundler 2.3.7 as a default gem.\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Fix missing rdoc for `Gem::Version`. Pull request #5299 by nevans\
\
# 3.3.6 / 2022-01-26\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Forbid downgrading past the originally shipped version on Ruby 3.1. Pull\
  request #5301 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Support `--enable-load-relative` inside binstubs. Pull request #2929 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Let `Version#<=>` accept a String. Pull request #5275 by amatsuda\
* Installs bundler 2.3.6 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Avoid `flock` on non Windows systems, since it causing issues on NFS\
  file systems. Pull request #5278 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `gem update --system`  for already installed version of\
  `rubygems-update`. Pull request #5285 by loadkpi\
\
# 3.3.5 / 2022-01-12\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Don't activate `yaml` gem from RubyGems. Pull request #5266 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Let `gem fetch` understand `<gem>:<version>` syntax and\
  `--[no-]suggestions` flag. Pull request #5242 by ximenasandoval\
* Installs bundler 2.3.5 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix `gem install <non-existent-gem> --force` crash. Pull request #5262\
  by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix longstanding `gem install` failure on JRuby. Pull request #5228 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Markup `Gem::Specification` documentation with RDoc notations. Pull\
  request #5268 by nobu\
\
# 3.3.4 / 2021-12-29\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Don't redownload `rubygems-update` package if already there. Pull\
  request #5230 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Installs bundler 2.3.4 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix `gem update --system` crashing when latest version not supported.\
  Pull request #5191 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
## Performance:\
\
* Make SpecificationPolicy autoload constant. Pull request #5222 by pocke\
\
# 3.3.3 / 2021-12-24\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Installs bundler 2.3.3 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix gem installation failing in Solaris due to bad `IO#flock` usage.\
  Pull request #5216 by mame\
\
# 3.3.2 / 2021-12-23\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix deprecations when activating DidYouMean for misspelled command\
  suggestions. Pull request #5211 by yuki24\
* Installs bundler 2.3.2 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix gemspec truncation. Pull request #5208 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.3.1 / 2021-12-22\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix compatibility with OpenSSL 3.0. Pull request #5196 by rhenium\
* Remove hard errors when matching major bundler not found. Pull request\
  #5181 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Installs bundler 2.3.1 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.3.0 / 2021-12-21\
\
## Breaking changes:\
\
* Removed deprecated `gem server` command. Pull request #5034 by hsbt\
* Remove MacOS specific gem layout. Pull request #4833 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Default `gem update` documentation format is now only `ri`. Pull request\
  #3888 by hsbt\
\
## Features:\
\
* Give command misspelled suggestions via `did_you_mean` gem. Pull request\
  #3904 by hsbt\
\
## Performance:\
\
* Avoid some unnecessary stat calls. Pull request #3887 by kares\
* Improve spell checking suggestion performance by\
  vendoring`DidYouMean::Levenshtein.distance` from `did_you_mean-1.4.0`.\
  Pull request #3856 by austinpray\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Set `BUNDLER_VERSION` when `bundle _<version>_` is passed. Pull request\
  #5180 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Don't require `rdoc` for `gem uninstall`. Pull request #4691 by ndren\
* More focused rescue on extension builder exception to get more\
  information on errors. Pull request #4189 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Installs bundler 2.3.0 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix encoding mismatch issues when writing gem packages. Pull request\
  #5162 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix broken brew formula due to loading `operating_system.rb`\
  customizations too late. Pull request #5154 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Properly fetch `Gem#latest_spec_for` with multiple sources. Pull request\
  #2764 by kevlogan90\
* Fix upgrade crashing when multiple versions of `fileutils` installed.\
  Pull request #5140 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.33 / 2021-12-07\
\
## Deprecations:\
\
* Deprecate typo name. Pull request #5109 by nobu\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Add login & logout alias for the signin & signout commands. Pull request\
  #5133 by colby-swandale\
* Fix race conditions when reading & writing gemspecs concurrently. Pull\
  request #4408 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Installs bundler 2.2.33 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix `ruby setup.rb` trying to write outside of `--destdir`. Pull request\
  #5053 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Move required_ruby_version gemspec attribute to recommended section.\
  Pull request #5130 by simi\
* Ignore to generate the documentation from vendored libraries. Pull\
  request #5118 by hsbt\
\
# 3.2.32 / 2021-11-23\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Refactor installer thread safety protections. Pull request #5050 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Allow gem activation from `operating_system.rb`. Pull request #5044 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Installs bundler 2.2.32 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.31 / 2021-11-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Don't pass empty `DESTDIR` to `nmake` since it works differently from\
  standard `make`. Pull request #5057 by hsbt\
* Fix `gem install` vs `gem fetch` inconsistency. Pull request #5037 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Lazily load and vendor `optparse`. Pull request #4881 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Use a vendored copy of `tsort` internally. Pull request #5027 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.31 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix `ruby setup.rb` when `--prefix` is passed. Pull request #5051 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Don't apply `--destdir` twice when running `setup.rb`. Pull request\
  #2768 by alyssais\
\
# 3.2.30 / 2021-10-26\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Add support to build and sign certificates with multiple key algorithms.\
  Pull request #4991 by doodzik\
* Avoid loading the `digest` gem unnecessarily. Pull request #4979 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Prefer `require_relative` for all internal requires. Pull request #4978\
  by deivid-rodriguez\
* Add missing `require` of `time` within\
  `Gem::Request.verify_certificate_message`. Pull request #4975 by nobu\
* Install bundler 2.2.30 as a default gem.\
\
## Performance:\
\
* Speed up `gem install`, specially under Windows. Pull request #4960 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.29 / 2021-10-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Only disallow FIXME/TODO for first word of gemspec description. Pull\
  request #4937 by duckinator\
* Install bundler 2.2.29 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix `wordy` method in `SourceFetchProblem` changing the password of\
  source. Pull request #4910 by Huangxiaodui\
\
## Performance:\
\
* Improve `require` performance, particularly on systems with a lot of\
  gems installed. Pull request #4951 by pocke\
\
# 3.2.28 / 2021-09-23\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Support MINGW-UCRT. Pull request #4925 by hsbt\
* Only check if descriptions *start with* FIXME/TODO. Pull request #4841\
  by duckinator\
* Avoid loading `uri` unnecessarily when activating gems. Pull request\
  #4897 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.28 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix redacted credentials being sent to gemserver. Pull request #4919 by\
  jdliss\
\
# 3.2.27 / 2021-09-03\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Redact credentails when printing URI. Pull request #4868 by intuxicated\
* Prefer `require_relative` to `require` for internal requires. Pull\
  request #4858 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Prioritise gems with higher version for fetching metadata, and stop\
  fetching once we find a valid candidate. Pull request #4843 by intuxicated\
* Install bundler 2.2.27 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.26 / 2021-08-17\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Enhance the error handling for loading the\
  `rubygems/defaults/operating_system` file. Pull request #4824 by\
  intuxicated\
* Ignore `RUBYGEMS_GEMDEPS` for the bundler gem. Pull request #4532 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.26 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Also load user installed rubygems plugins. Pull request #4829 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.25 / 2021-07-30\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Don't load the `base64` library since it's not used. Pull request #4785\
  by deivid-rodriguez\
* Don't load the `resolv` library since it's not used. Pull request #4784\
  by deivid-rodriguez\
* Lazily load `shellwords` library. Pull request #4783 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Check requirements class before loading marshalled requirements. Pull\
  request #4651 by nobu\
* Install bundler 2.2.25 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Add missing `require 'fileutils'` in `Gem::ConfigFile`. Pull request\
  #4768 by ybiquitous\
\
# 3.2.24 / 2021-07-15\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.24 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix contradictory message about deletion of default gem. Pull request\
  #4739 by jaredbeck\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Add a description about `GEM_HOST_OTP_CODE` to help text. Pull request\
  #4742 by ybiquitous\
\
# 3.2.23 / 2021-07-09\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Rewind IO source to allow working with contents in memory. Pull request\
  #4729 by drcapulet\
* Install bundler 2.2.23 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.22 / 2021-07-06\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Allow setting `--otp` via `GEM_HOST_OTP_CODE`. Pull request #4697 by\
  CGA1123\
* Fixes for the edge case when openssl library is missing. Pull request\
  #4695 by rhenium\
* Install bundler 2.2.22 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.21 / 2021-06-23\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix typo in OpenSSL detection. Pull request #4679 by osyoyu\
* Add the most recent licenses from spdx.org. Pull request #4662 by nobu\
* Simplify setup.rb code to allow installing rubygems from source on\
  truffleruby 21.0 and 21.1. Pull request #4624 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.21 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Create credentials folder when setting API keys if not there yet. Pull\
  request #4665 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.20 / 2021-06-11\
\
## Security fixes:\
\
* Verify plaform before installing to avoid potential remote code\
  execution. Pull request #4667 by sonalkr132\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Add better specification policy error description. Pull request #4658 by\
  ceritium\
* Install bundler 2.2.20 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.19 / 2021-05-31\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix `gem help build` output format. Pull request #4613 by tnir\
* Install bundler 2.2.19 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.18 / 2021-05-25\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Don't leave temporary directory around when building extensions to\
  improve build reproducibility. Pull request #4610 by baloo\
* Install bundler 2.2.18 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.17 / 2021-05-05\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Only print month & year in deprecation messages. Pull request #3085 by\
  Schwad\
* Make deprecate method support ruby3's keyword arguments. Pull request\
  #4558 by mame\
* Update the default bindir on macOS. Pull request #4524 by nobu\
* Prefer File.open instead of Kernel#open. Pull request #4529 by mame\
* Install bundler 2.2.17 as a default gem.\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Fix usage messages to reflect the current POSIX-compatible behaviour.\
  Pull request #4551 by graywolf-at-work\
\
# 3.2.16 / 2021-04-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.16 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Correctly handle symlinks. Pull request #2836 by voxik\
\
# 3.2.15 / 2021-03-19\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Prevent downgrades to untested rubygems versions. Pull request #4460 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.15 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix missing require breaking `gem cert`. Pull request #4464 by lukehinds\
\
# 3.2.14 / 2021-03-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Less wrapping of network errors. Pull request #4064 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.14 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Revert addition of support for `musl` variants to restore graceful\
  fallback on Alpine. Pull request #4434 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.13 / 2021-03-03\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.13 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Support non-gnu libc linux platforms. Pull request #4082 by lloeki\
\
# 3.2.12 / 2021-03-01\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.12 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Restore the ability to manually install extension gems. Pull request\
  #4384 by cfis\
\
# 3.2.11 / 2021-02-17\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Optionally fallback to IPv4 when IPv6 is unreachable. Pull request #2662\
  by sonalkr132\
* Install bundler 2.2.11 as a default gem.\
\
# 3.2.10 / 2021-02-15\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.10 as a default gem.\
\
## Documentation:\
\
* Add a `gem push` example to `gem help`. Pull request #4373 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Improve documentation for `required_ruby_version`. Pull request #4343 by\
  AlexWayfer\
\
# 3.2.9 / 2021-02-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.9 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix error message when underscore selection can't find bundler. Pull\
  request #4363 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `Gem::Specification.stubs_for` returning wrong named specs. Pull\
  request #4356 by tompng\
* Don't error out when activating a binstub unless necessary. Pull request\
  #4351 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `gem outdated` incorrectly handling platform specific gems. Pull\
  request #4248 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.8 / 2021-02-02\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.8 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix `gem install` crashing on gemspec with nil required_ruby_version.\
  Pull request #4334 by pbernays\
\
# 3.2.7 / 2021-01-26\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.7 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Generate plugin wrappers with relative requires. Pull request #4317 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.6 / 2021-01-18\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix `Gem::Platform#inspect` showing duplicate information. Pull request\
  #4276 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.6 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Swallow any system call error in `ensure_gem_subdirs` to support jruby\
  embedded paths. Pull request #4291 by kares\
* Restore accepting custom make command with extra options as the `make`\
  env variable. Pull request #4271 by terceiro\
\
# 3.2.5 / 2021-01-11\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.5 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Don't load more specs after the whole set of specs has been setup. Pull\
  request #4262 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix broken `bundler` executable after `gem update --system`. Pull\
  request #4221 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.4 / 2020-12-31\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Use a CHANGELOG in markdown for rubygems. Pull request #4168 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Never spawn subshells when building extensions. Pull request #4190 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Install bundler 2.2.4 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix fallback to the old index and installation from it not working. Pull\
  request #4213 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix installing from source on truffleruby. Pull request #4201 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.3 / 2020-12-22\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix misspellings in default API key name. Pull request #4177 by hsbt\
* Install bundler 2.2.3 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Respect `required_ruby_version` and `required_rubygems_version`\
  constraints when looking for `gem install` candidates. Pull request #4110\
  by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.2 / 2020-12-17\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Install bundler 2.2.2 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix issue where CLI commands making more than one request to\
  rubygems.org needing an OTP code would crash or ask for the code twice.\
  Pull request #4162 by sonalkr132\
* Fix building rake extensions that require openssl. Pull request #4165 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `gem update --system` displaying too many changelog entries. Pull\
  request #4145 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.1 / 2020-12-14\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Added help message for gem i webrick in gem server command. Pull request\
  #4117 by hsbt\
* Install bundler 2.2.1 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Added the missing loading of fileutils same as load_specs. Pull request\
  #4124 by hsbt\
* Fix Resolver::APISet to always include prereleases when necessary. Pull\
  request #4113 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.0 / 2020-12-07\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Do not override Kernel#warn when there is no need. Pull request #4075 by\
  eregon\
* Update endpoint of gem signin command. Pull request #3840 by sonalkr132\
* Omit deprecated commands from command help output. Pull request #4023 by\
  landongrindheim\
* Suggest alternatives in `gem query` deprecation. Pull request #4021 by\
  landongrindheim\
* Lazily load `time`, `cgi`, and `zlib`. Pull request #4010 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Don't hit the network when installing dependencyless local gemspec. Pull\
  request #3968 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Add `--force` option to `gem sources` command. Pull request #3956 by\
  andy-smith-msm\
* Lazily load `openssl`. Pull request #3850 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Pass more information when comparing platforms. Pull request #3817 by\
  eregon\
* Install bundler 2.2.0 as a default gem.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Use better owner & group for files in rubygems package. Pull request\
  #4065 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Improve gem build -C flag. Pull request #3983 by bronzdoc\
* Handle unexpected behavior with URI#merge and subpaths missing trailing\
  slashes. Pull request #3123 by drcapulet\
* Add missing `fileutils` require in rubygems installer. Pull request\
  #4036 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `--platform` option to `gem specification` being ignored. Pull\
  request #4043 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Expose `--no-minimal-deps` flag to install the latest version of\
  dependencies. Pull request #4030 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix "stack level too deep" error when overriding `Warning.warn`. Pull\
  request #3987 by eregon\
* Append '.gemspec' extension only when it is not present. Pull request\
  #3988 by voxik\
* Install to correct plugins dir when using `--build-root`. Pull request\
  #3972 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `--build-root` flag under Windows. Pull request #3975 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix `typo_squatting?` false positive for `rubygems.org` itself. Pull\
  request #3951 by andy-smith-msm\
* Make `--default` and `--install-dir` options to `gem install` play nice\
  together. Pull request #3906 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
## Deprecations:\
\
* Deprecate server command. Pull request #3868 by bronzdoc\
\
## Performance:\
\
* Don't change ruby process CWD when building extensions. Pull request\
  #3498 by deivid-rodriguez\
\
# 3.2.0.rc.2 / 2020-10-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Make --dry-run flag consistent across rubygems commands. Pull request\
  #3867 by bronzdoc\
* Disallow downgrades to too old versions. Pull request #3566 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* Added `--platform` option to `build` command. Pull request #3079 by nobu\
* Have "gem update --system" pass through the `--silent` flag. Pull\
  request #3789 by duckinator\
* Add writable check for cache dir. Pull request #3876 by xndcn\
* Warn on duplicate dependency in a specification. Pull request #3864 by\
  bronzdoc\
* Fix indentation in `gem env`. Pull request #3861 by colby-swandale\
* Let more exceptions flow. Pull request #3819 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Ignore internal frames in RubyGems' Kernel#warn. Pull request #3810 by\
  eregon\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Add missing fileutils require. Pull request #3911 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix false positive warning on Windows when PATH has\
  `File::ALT_SEPARATOR`. Pull request #3829 by deivid-rodriguez\
* Fix Kernel#warn override to handle backtrace location with nil path.\
  Pull request #3852 by jeremyevans\
* Don't format executables on `gem update --system`. Pull request #3811 by\
  deivid-rodriguez\
* `gem install --user` fails with `Gem::FilePermissionError` on the system\
  plugins directory. Pull request #3804 by nobu\
\
## Performance:\
\
* Avoid duplicated generation of APISpecification objects. Pull request\
  #3940 by mame\
* Eval defaults with frozen_string_literal: true. Pull request #3847 by\
  casperisfine\
* Deduplicate the requirement operators in memory. Pull request #3846 by\
  casperisfine\
* Optimize Gem.already_loaded?. Pull request #3793 by casperisfine\
\
# 3.2.0.rc.1 / 2020-07-04\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Test TruffleRuby in CI. Pull request #2797 by Benoit Daloze.\
* Rework plugins system and speed up rubygems. Pull request #3108 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Specify explicit separator not to be affected by $;. Pull request #3424\
  by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Enable `Layout/ExtraSpacing` cop. Pull request #3449 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Rollback gem deprecate. Pull request #3530 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Normalize heredoc delimiters. Pull request #3533 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Log messages to stdout in `rake package`. Pull request #3632 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove explicit `psych` activation. Pull request #3636 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Delay `fileutils` loading to fix some warnings. Pull request #3637 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Make sure rubygems/package can be directly required reliably. Pull\
  request #3670 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Make sure `tmp` folder exists before calling `Dir.tmpdir`. Pull request\
  #3711 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Add Gem.disable_system_update_message to disable gem update --system if\
  needed. Pull request #3720 by Josef \'8aim\'e1nek.\
* Tweaks to play nice with ruby-core setup. Pull request #3733 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove explicit require for auto-loaded constant. Pull request #3751 by\
  Karol Bucek.\
* Test files should not be included in spec.files. Pull request #3758 by\
  Marc-Andr\'e9 Lafortune.\
* Remove TODO comment about warning on setting instead of pushing. Pull\
  request #2823 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Add deprecate command method. Pull request #2935 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Simplify deprecate command method. Pull request #2974 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix Gem::LOADED_SPECS_MUTEX handling for recursive locking. Pull request\
  #2985 by MSP-Greg.\
* Add `funding_uri ` metadata field to gemspec. Pull request #3060 by\
  Colby Swandale.\
* Updates to some old gem-signing docs. Pull request #3063 by Tieg\
  Zaharia.\
* Update the gem method for Gem::Installer. Pull request #3137 by Daniel\
  Berger.\
* Simplify initial gem help output. Pull request #3148 by Olivier Lacan.\
* Resolve latest version via `gem contents`. Pull request #3149 by Dan\
  Rice.\
* Install suggestions. Pull request #3151 by Sophia Castellarin.\
* Only rescue the errors we actually want to rescue. Pull request #3156 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Accept not only /usr/bin/env but also /bin/env in some tests. Pull\
  request #3422 by Yusuke Endoh.\
* Skip a test that attempts to remove the current directory on Solaris.\
  Pull request #3423 by Yusuke Endoh.\
* Fix race condition on bundler's parallel installer. Pull request #3440\
  by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix platform comparison check in #contains_requirable_file?. Pull\
  request #3495 by Benoit Daloze.\
* Improve missing spec error. Pull request #3559 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix hidden bundler template installation from rubygems updater. Pull\
  request #3674 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix gem update --user-install. Pull request #2901 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Correct conflict list when uninstallation is prevented. Pull request\
  #2973 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix error when trying to find bundler with a deleted "working directo\'85.\
  Pull request #3090 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix -I require priority. Pull request #3124 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix `ruby setup.rb` for new plugins layout. Pull request #3144 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
\
## Deprecations:\
\
* Set deprecation warning on query command. Pull request #2967 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
\
## Breaking changes:\
\
* Remove ruby 1.8 leftovers. Pull request #3442 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Minitest cleanup. Pull request #3445 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove `builder` gem requirement for `gem regenerate_index`. Pull\
  request #3552 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove modelines for consistency. Pull request #3714 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Stop using deprecated OpenSSL::Digest constants. Pull request #3763 by\
  Bart de Water.\
* Remove Gem module deprecated methods. Pull request #3101 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Remove ubygems.rb. Pull request #3102 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Remove Gem::Commands::QueryCommand. Pull request #3104 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Remove dependency installer deprecated methods. Pull request #3106 by\
  Luis Sagastume.\
* Remove Gem::UserInteraction#debug method. Pull request #3107 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Remove options from Gem::GemRunner.new. Pull request #3110 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Remove deprecated Gem::RemoteFetcher#fetch_size. Pull request #3111 by\
  Luis Sagastume.\
* Remove source_exception from Gem::Exception. Pull request #3112 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Requiring rubygems/source_specific_file is deprecated, remove it. Pull\
  request #3114 by Luis Sagastume.\
\
# 3.1.4 / 2020-06-03\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Deprecate rubyforge_project attribute only during build\
  time. Pull request #3609 by Josef \'8aim\'e1nek.\
* Update links. Pull request #3610 by Josef \'8aim\'e1nek.\
* Run CI at 3.1 branch head as well. Pull request #3677 by Josef \'8aim\'e1nek.\
* Remove failing ubuntu-rvm CI flow. Pull request #3611 by\
  Josef \'8aim\'e1nek.\
\
# 3.1.3 / 2020-05-05\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Resolver: require NameTuple before use. Pull request #3171 by Olle\
  Jonsson.\
* Use absolute paths with autoload. Pull request #3100 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Avoid changing $SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH. Pull request #3088 by Ellen Marie\
  Dash.\
* Use Bundler 2.1.4. Pull request #3072 by Hiroshi SHIBATA.\
* Add tests to check if Gem.ruby_version works with ruby git master.\
  Pull request #3049 by Yusuke Endoh.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix platform comparison check in #contains_requirable_file?. Pull\
  request #3495 by Benoit Daloze.\
* Improve gzip errors logging. Pull request #3485 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix incorrect `gem uninstall --all` message. Pull request #3483 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix incorrect bundler version being required. Pull request #3458 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix gem install from a gemdeps file with complex dependencies.\
  Pull request #3054 by Luis Sagastume.\
\
# 3.1.2 / 2019-12-20\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Restore non prompting `gem update --system` behavior. Pull request #3040\
  by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Show only release notes for new code installed. Pull request #3041 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Inform about installed `bundle` executable after `gem update --system`.\
  Pull request #3042 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Use Bundler 2.1.2. Pull request #3043 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Require `uri` in source.rb. Pull request #3034 by mihaibuzgau.\
* Fix `gem update --system --force`. Pull request #3035 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Move `require uri` to source_list. Pull request #3038 by mihaibuzgau.\
\
# 3.1.1 / 2019-12-16\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Vendor Bundler 2.1.0 again. The version of Bundler with\
  RubyGems 3.1.0 was Bundler 2.1.0.pre.3. Pull request #3029 by\
  SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
\
# 3.1.0 / 2019-12-16\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Vendor bundler 2.1. Pull request #3028 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Check for rubygems.org typo squatting sources. Pull request #2999 by\
  Luis Sagastume.\
* Refactor remote fetcher. Pull request #3017 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Lazily load `open3`. Pull request #3001 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove `delegate` dependency. Pull request #3002 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Lazily load `uri`. Pull request #3005 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Lazily load `rubygems/gem_runner` during tests. Pull request #3009 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Use bundler to manage development dependencies. Pull request #3012 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Remove unnecessary executable flags. Pull request #2982 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove configuration that contained a typo. Pull request #2989 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
\
## Deprecations:\
\
* Deprecate `gem generate_index --modern` and `gem generate_index\
  --no-modern`. Pull request #2992 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
\
## Breaking changes:\
\
* Remove 1.8.7 leftovers. Pull request #2972 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
\
# 3.1.0.pre3 / 2019-11-11\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Fix gem pristine not accounting for user installed gems. Pull request\
  #2914 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Refactor keyword argument test for Ruby 2.7. Pull request #2947 by\
  SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Fix errors at frozen Gem::Version. Pull request #2949 by Nobuyoshi\
  Nakada.\
* Remove taint usage on Ruby 2.7+. Pull request #2951 by Jeremy Evans.\
* Check Manifest.txt is up to date. Pull request #2953 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Clarify symlink conditionals in tests. Pull request #2962 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Update command line parsing to work under ps. Pull request #2966 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Properly test `Gem::Specifications.stub_for`. Pull request #2970 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix Gem::LOADED_SPECS_MUTEX handling for recursive locking. Pull request\
  #2985 by MSP-Greg.\
\
# 3.1.0.pre2 / 2019-10-15\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Optimize Gem::Package::TarReader#each. Pull request #2941 by Jean byroot\
  Boussier.\
* Time comparison around date boundary. Pull request #2944 by Nobuyoshi\
  Nakada.\
\
# 3.1.0.pre1 / 2019-10-08\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Try to use bundler-2.1.0.pre.2. Pull request #2923 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* [Require] Ensure -I beats a default gem. Pull request #1868 by Samuel\
  Giddins.\
* [Specification] Prefer user-installed gems to default gems. Pull request\
  #2112 by Samuel Giddins.\
* Multifactor authentication for yank command. Pull request #2514 by Qiu\
  Chaofan.\
* Autoswitch to exact bundler version if present. Pull request #2583 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix Gem::Requirement equality comparison when ~> operator is used. Pull\
  request #2554 by Grey Baker.\
* Don't use a proxy if https_proxy env var is empty. Pull request #2567 by\
  Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix typo in specs warning. Pull request #2585 by Rui.\
* Bin/gem: remove initial empty line. Pull request #2602 by Kenyon Ralph.\
* Avoid rdoc hook when it's failed to load rdoc library. Pull request\
  #2604 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Refactor get_proxy_from_env logic. Pull request #2611 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Allow to easily bisect flaky failures. Pull request #2626 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix `--ignore-dependencies` flag not installing platform specific gems.\
  Pull request #2631 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Make `gem install --explain` list platforms. Pull request #2634 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Make `gem update --explain` list platforms. Pull request #2635 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Refactoring install and update explanations. Pull request #2643 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Restore transitiveness of version comparison. Pull request #2651 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Undo requirement sorting. Pull request #2652 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Update dummy version of Bundler for #2581. Pull request #2584 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
* Ignore to handle the different platform. Pull request #2672 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
* Make Gem::Specification.default_stubs to public methods. Pull request\
  #2675 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Sort files and test_files in specifications. Pull request #2524 by\
  Christopher Baines.\
* Fix comment of Gem::Specification#required_ruby_version=. Pull request\
  #2732 by Alex Junger.\
* Config_file.rb - update path separator in ENV['GEMRC'] logic. Pull\
  request #2735 by MSP-Greg.\
* Fix `ruby setup.rb` warnings. Pull request #2737 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Don't use regex delimiters when searching for a dependency. Pull request\
  #2738 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Refactor query command. Pull request #2739 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Don't remove default spec files from mapping after require. Pull request\
  #2741 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Cleanup base test case. Pull request #2742 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Simplify Specification#gems_dir. Pull request #2745 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix test warning. Pull request #2746 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Extract an `add_to_load_path` method. Pull request #2749 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix setup command if format_executable is true by default. Pull request\
  #2766 by Jeremy Evans.\
* Update the certificate files to make the test pass on Debian 10. Pull\
  request #2777 by Yusuke Endoh.\
* Write to the correct config file(.gemrc). Pull request #2779 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Fix for large values in UID/GID fields in tar archives. Pull request\
  #2780 by Alexey Shein.\
* Lazy require stringio. Pull request #2781 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Make Gem::Specification#ruby_code handle OpenSSL::PKey::RSA objects.\
  Pull request #2782 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix setup command test for bundler with program_suffix. Pull request\
  #2783 by Sorah Fukumori.\
* Make sure `rake package` works. Pull request #2787 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Synchronize access to the Gem::Specification::LOAD_CACHE Hash. Pull\
  request #2789 by Benoit Daloze.\
* Task to install rubygems to local system. Pull request #2795 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Add an attr_reader to Gem::Installer for the package instance variable.\
  Pull request #2796 by Daniel Berger.\
* Switch CI script to bash. Pull request #2799 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Move gemcutter utilities code to Gem::Command. Pull request #2803 by\
  Luis Sagastume.\
* Add raw spec method to gem package. Pull request #2806 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Improve `rake package` test error message. Pull request #2815 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Resolve `@@project_dir` from test file paths. Pull request #2843 by\
  Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Remove dead code in Gem::Validator. Pull request #2537 by Ellen Marie\
  Dash.\
* The date might have advanced since TODAY has been set. Pull request\
  #2938 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Remove old ci configurations. Pull request #2917 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Add Gem::Dependency identity. Pull request #2936 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Filter dependency type and name strictly. Pull request #2930 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
* Always pass an encoding option to Zlib::GzipReader.wrap. Pull request\
  #2933 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Introduce default prerelease requirement. Pull request #2925 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Detect libc version, closes #2918. Pull request #2922 by fauno.\
* Use IAM role to extract security-credentials for EC2 instance. Pull\
  request #2894 by Alexander Pakulov.\
* Improve `gem uninstall --all`. Pull request #2893 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Use `RbConfig::CONFIG['rubylibprefix']`. Pull request #2889 by Nobuyoshi\
  Nakada.\
* Build the first gemspec we found if no arguments are passed to gem\
  build. Pull request #2887 by Luis Sagastume.\
* $LOAD_PATH elements should be real paths. Pull request #2885 by\
  Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Use the standard RUBY_ENGINE_VERSION instead of JRUBY_VERSION. Pull\
  request #2864 by Benoit Daloze.\
* Cleanup after testing `rake package`. Pull request #2862 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Cherry-pick shushing deprecation warnings from ruby-core. Pull request\
  #2861 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Ext/builder.rb cleanup. Pull request #2849 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix @ran_rake assignment in builder.rb. Pull request #2850 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Remove test suite warnings. Pull request #2845 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Replace domain parameter with a parameter to suppress suggestions. Pull\
  request #2846 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Move default specifications dir definition out of BasicSpecification.\
  Pull request #2841 by V\'edt Ondruch.\
* There is no usage of @orig_env_* variables in test suite. Pull request\
  #2838 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Use File#open instead of Kernel#open in stub_specification.rb. Pull\
  request #2834 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Simplify #to_ruby code. Pull request #2825 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Add a gem attr to the Gem::Package class. Pull request #2828 by Daniel\
  Berger.\
* Remove useless TODO comment. Pull request #2818 by Luis Sagastume.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix typos in History.txt. Pull request #2565 by Igor Zubkov.\
* Remove unused empty sources array. Pull request #2598 by Aaron\
  Patterson.\
* Fix windows specific executables generated by `gem install`. Pull\
  request #2628 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Gem::Specification#to_ruby needs OpenSSL. Pull request #2937 by\
  Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Set SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH env var if not provided. Pull request #2882 by\
  Ellen Marie Dash.\
* Installer.rb - fix #windows_stub_script. Pull request #2876 by MSP-Greg.\
* Fixed deprecation message. Pull request #2867 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Fix requiring default gems to consider prereleases. Pull request #2728\
  by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Forbid `find_spec_for_exe` without an `exec_name`. Pull request #2706 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Do not prompt for passphrase when key can be loaded without it. Pull\
  request #2710 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Add missing wrapper. Pull request #2690 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove long ago deprecated methods. Pull request #2704 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Renamed duplicate test. Pull request #2678 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* File.exists? is deprecated. Pull request #2855 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Fixed to warn with shadowing outer local variable. Pull request #2856 by\
  SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Fix explain with ignore-dependencies. Pull request #2647 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix default gem executable installation when folder is not `bin/`. Pull\
  request #2649 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix cryptic error on local and ignore-dependencies combination. Pull\
  request #2650 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
\
## Deprecations:\
\
* Make deprecate Gem::RubyGemsVersion and Gem::ConfigMap. Pull request\
  #2857 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Deprecate Gem::RemoteFetcher#fetch_size. Pull request #2833 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Explicitly deprecate `rubyforge_project`. Pull request #2798 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Deprecate unused Gem::Installer#unpack method. Pull request #2715 by V\'edt\
  Ondruch.\
* Deprecate a few unused methods. Pull request #2674 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Add deprecation warnings for cli options. Pull request #2607 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
\
## Breaking changes:\
\
* Suppress keywords warning. Pull request #2934 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Suppress Ruby 2.7's real kwargs warning. Pull request #2912 by Koichi\
  ITO.\
* Fix Kernel#warn override. Pull request #2911 by Jeremy Evans.\
* Remove conflict.rb code that was supposed to be removed in Rubygems 3.\
  Pull request #2802 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Compatibility cleanups. Pull request #2754 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove `others_possible` activation request param. Pull request #2747 by\
  David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove dependency installer deprecated code. Pull request #2740 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Removed guard condition with USE_BUNDLER_FOR_GEMDEPS. Pull request #2716\
  by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Skip deprecation warning during specs. Pull request #2718 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Remove QuickLoader reference. Pull request #2719 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Removed circular require. Pull request #2679 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Removed needless environmental variable for Travis CI. Pull request\
  #2685 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Removing yaml require. Pull request #2538 by Luciano Sousa.\
\
# 3.0.8 / 2020-02-19\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Gem::Specification#to_ruby needs OpenSSL. Pull request #2937 by\
  Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
\
# 3.0.7 / 2020-02-18\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix underscore version selection for bundler #2908 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Add missing wrapper. Pull request #2690 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Make Gem::Specification#ruby_code handle OpenSSL::PKey::RSA objects.\
  Pull request #2782 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Installer.rb - fix #windows_stub_script. Pull request #2876 by MSP-Greg.\
* Use IAM role to extract security-credentials for EC2 instance. Pull\
  request #2894 by Alexander Pakulov.\
\
# 3.0.6 / 2019-08-17\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Revert #2813. It broke the compatibility with 3.0.x versions.\
\
# 3.0.5 / 2019-08-16\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Use env var to configure api key on push. Pull request #2559 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Unswallow uninstall error. Pull request #2707 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Expose windows path normalization utility. Pull request #2767 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Clean which command. Pull request #2801 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Upgrading S3 source signature to AWS SigV4. Pull request #2807 by\
  Alexander Pakulov.\
* Remove misleading comment, no reason to move Gem.host to Gem::Util.\
  Pull request #2811 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Drop support for 'gem env packageversion'. Pull request #2813 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Take into account just git tracked files in update_manifest rake task.\
  Pull request #2816 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Remove TODO comment, there's no Gem::Dirs constant. Pull request #2819\
  by Luis Sagastume.\
* Remove unused 'raise' from test_case. Pull request #2820 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Move TODO comment to an information comment. Pull request #2821 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Use File#open instead of Kernel#open in stub_specification.rb. Pull\
  request #2834 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Make error code a gemcutter_utilities a constant. Pull request #2844 by\
  Luis Sagastume.\
* Remove FIXME comment related to PathSupport. Pull request #2854 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Use gsub with Hash. Pull request #2860 by Kazuhiro NISHIYAMA.\
* Use the standard RUBY_ENGINE_VERSION instead of JRUBY_VERSION. Pull\
  request #2864 by Benoit Daloze.\
* Do not mutate uri.query during s3 signature creation. Pull request #2874\
  by Alexander Pakulov.\
* Fixup #2844. Pull request #2878 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix intermittent test error on Appveyor & Travis. Pull request #2568 by\
  MSP-Greg.\
* Extend timeout on assert_self_install_permissions. Pull request #2605 by\
  SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Better folder assertions. Pull request #2644 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix default gem executable installation when folder is not `bin/`. Pull\
  request #2649 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix gem uninstall behavior. Pull request #2663 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix for large values in UID/GID fields in tar archives. Pull request\
  #2780 by Alexey Shein.\
* Fixed task order for release. Pull request #2792 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Ignore GEMRC variable for test suite. Pull request #2837 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
\
# 3.0.4 / 2019-06-14\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Add support for TruffleRuby #2612 by Benoit Daloze\
* Serve a more descriptive error when --no-ri or --no-rdoc are used #2572\
  by Grey Baker\
* Improve test compatibility with CMake 2.8. Pull request #2590 by V\'edt\
  Ondruch.\
* Restore gem build behavior and introduce the "-C" flag to gem build.\
  Pull request #2596 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Enabled block call with util_set_arch. Pull request #2603 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
* Avoid rdoc hook when it's failed to load rdoc library. Pull request\
  #2604 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Drop tests for legacy RDoc. Pull request #2608 by Nobuyoshi Nakada.\
* Update TODO comment. Pull request #2658 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Skip malicious extension test with mswin platform. Pull request #2670 by\
  SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Check deprecated methods on release. Pull request #2673 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Add steps to run bundler tests. Pull request #2680 by Aditya Prakash.\
* Skip temporary "No such host is known" error. Pull request #2684 by\
  Takashi Kokubun.\
* Replaced aws-sdk-s3 instead of s3cmd. Pull request #2688 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
* Allow uninstall from symlinked GEM_HOME. Pull request #2720 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Use current checkout in CI to uninstall RVM related gems. Pull request\
  #2729 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Update Contributor Covenant v1.4.1. Pull request #2751 by SHIBATA\
  Hiroshi.\
* Added supported versions of Ruby. Pull request #2756 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Fix shadowing outer local variable warning. Pull request #2763 by Luis\
  Sagastume.\
* Update the certificate files to make the test pass on Debian 10. Pull\
  request #2777 by Yusuke Endoh.\
* Backport ruby core changes. Pull request #2778 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Test_gem.rb - intermittent failure fix. Pull request #2613 by MSP-Greg.\
* Fix sporadic CI failures. Pull request #2617 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix flaky bundler version finder tests. Pull request #2624 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix gem indexer tests leaking utility gems. Pull request #2625 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Clean up default spec dir too. Pull request #2639 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix 2.6.1 build against vendored bundler. Pull request #2645 by David\
  Rodr\'edguez.\
* Fix comment typo. Pull request #2664 by Luis Sagastume.\
* Fix comment of Gem::Specification#required_ruby_version=. Pull request\
  #2732 by Alex Junger.\
* Fix TODOs. Pull request #2748 by David Rodr\'edguez.\
\
# 3.0.3 / 2019-03-05\
\
Security fixes:\
\
  * CVE-2019-8320: Delete directory using symlink when decompressing tar\
  * CVE-2019-8321: Escape sequence injection vulnerability in `verbose`\
  * CVE-2019-8322: Escape sequence injection vulnerability in `gem owner`\
  * CVE-2019-8323: Escape sequence injection vulnerability in API response handling\
  * CVE-2019-8324: Installing a malicious gem may lead to arbitrary code execution\
  * CVE-2019-8325: Escape sequence injection vulnerability in errors\
\
# 3.0.2 / 2019-01-01\
\
## Enhancements:\
\
* Use Bundler-1.17.3. Pull request #2556 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
* Fix document flag description. Pull request #2555 by Luis Sagastume.\
\
## Bug fixes:\
\
* Fix tests when ruby --program-suffix is used without rubygems\
  --format-executable. Pull request #2549 by Jeremy Evans.\
* Fix Gem::Requirement equality comparison when ~> operator is used. Pull\
  request #2554 by Grey Baker.\
* Unset SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH in the test cases. Pull request #2558 by Sorah\
  Fukumori.\
* Restore SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH. Pull request #2560 by SHIBATA Hiroshi.\
\
\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
RubyGems installed the following executables:\
	/Users/hollybraun/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.0/bin/gem\
	/Users/hollybraun/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.0/bin/bundle\
	/Users/hollybraun/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.0/bin/bundler\
\
Ruby Interactive (ri) documentation was installed. ri is kind of like man \
pages for Ruby libraries. You may access it like this:\
  ri Classname\
  ri Classname.class_method\
  ri Classname#instance_method\
If you do not wish to install this documentation in the future, use the\
--no-document flag, or set it as the default in your ~/.gemrc file. See\
'gem help env' for details.\
\
RubyGems system software updated\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % which gem\
gem () \{\
	\\typeset result\
	(\
		\\typeset rvmrc\
		rvm_rvmrc_files=("/etc/rvmrc" "$HOME/.rvmrc") \
		if [[ -n "$\{rvm_prefix:-\}" ]] && ! [[ "$HOME/.rvmrc" -ef "$\{rvm_prefix\}/.rvmrc" ]]\
		then\
			rvm_rvmrc_files+=("$\{rvm_prefix\}/.rvmrc") \
		fi\
		for rvmrc in "$\{rvm_rvmrc_files[@]\}"\
		do\
			[[ -s "$\{rvmrc\}" ]] && source "$\{rvmrc\}" || true\
		done\
		unset rvm_rvmrc_files\
		command gem "$@"\
	) || result=$? \
	hash -r\
	return $\{result:-0\}\
\}\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % gem list\
\
*** LOCAL GEMS ***\
\
activesupport (4.2.10)\
addressable (2.8.0, 2.5.2)\
bigdecimal (default: 1.4.1)\
bundler (default: 2.3.12)\
bundler-unload (1.0.2)\
cmath (default: 1.0.0)\
coffee-script (2.4.1)\
coffee-script-source (1.11.1)\
colorator (1.1.0)\
commonmarker (0.17.13)\
concurrent-ruby (1.1.9, 1.0.5)\
csv (default: 3.0.2)\
date (default: 1.0.0)\
dbm (default: 1.0.0)\
did_you_mean (1.3.0)\
dnsruby (1.61.7, 1.61.2)\
e2mmap (default: 0.1.0)\
em-websocket (0.5.2, 0.5.1)\
etc (default: 1.0.1)\
ethon (0.14.0, 0.11.0)\
eventmachine (1.2.7)\
execjs (2.7.0)\
executable-hooks (1.6.0)\
faraday (1.5.1, 0.15.3)\
faraday-em_http (1.0.0)\
faraday-em_synchrony (1.0.0)\
faraday-excon (1.1.0)\
faraday-httpclient (1.0.1)\
faraday-net_http (1.0.1)\
faraday-net_http_persistent (1.2.0)\
faraday-patron (1.0.0)\
fcntl (default: 1.0.0)\
ffi (1.15.3, 1.9.25)\
fiddle (default: 1.0.0)\
fileutils (default: 1.1.0)\
forwardable (default: 1.2.0)\
forwardable-extended (2.6.0)\
gem-wrappers (1.4.0)\
gemoji (3.0.0)\
github-pages (192)\
github-pages-health-check (1.8.1)\
html-pipeline (2.8.4)\
http_parser.rb (0.6.0)\
i18n (0.9.5)\
io-console (default: 0.4.7)\
ipaddr (default: 1.2.2)\
irb (default: 1.0.0)\
jekyll (3.7.4)\
jekyll-avatar (0.6.0)\
jekyll-coffeescript (1.1.1)\
jekyll-commonmark (1.2.0)\
jekyll-commonmark-ghpages (0.1.5)\
jekyll-default-layout (0.1.4)\
jekyll-feed (0.10.0)\
jekyll-gist (1.5.0)\
jekyll-github-metadata (2.9.4)\
jekyll-mentions (1.4.1)\
jekyll-optional-front-matter (0.3.0)\
jekyll-paginate (1.1.0)\
jekyll-readme-index (0.2.0)\
jekyll-redirect-from (0.14.0)\
jekyll-relative-links (0.5.3)\
jekyll-remote-theme (0.3.1)\
jekyll-sass-converter (1.5.2)\
jekyll-seo-tag (2.5.0)\
jekyll-sitemap (1.2.0)\
jekyll-swiss (0.4.0)\
jekyll-theme-architect (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-cayman (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-dinky (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-hacker (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-leap-day (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-merlot (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-midnight (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-minimal (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-modernist (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-primer (0.5.3)\
jekyll-theme-slate (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-tactile (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-time-machine (0.1.1)\
jekyll-titles-from-headings (0.5.1)\
jekyll-watch (2.2.1, 2.1.2)\
jemoji (0.10.1)\
json (default: 2.1.0)\
kramdown (2.3.1, 1.17.0)\
liquid (4.0.0)\
listen (3.1.5)\
logger (default: 1.3.0)\
matrix (default: 0.1.0)\
mercenary (0.3.6)\
mini_portile2 (2.8.0, 2.6.1, 2.5.1, 2.4.0, 2.3.0)\
minima (2.5.0)\
minitest (5.11.3)\
multipart-post (2.1.1, 2.0.0)\
mutex_m (default: 0.1.0)\
net-telnet (0.2.0)\
nokogiri (1.13.3 x86_64-darwin, 1.12.5 x86_64-darwin, 1.11.4 x86_64-darwin, 1.10.10, 1.8.5)\
octokit (4.21.0, 4.13.0)\
openssl (default: 2.1.2)\
ostruct (default: 0.1.0)\
pathutil (0.16.2, 0.16.1)\
power_assert (1.1.3)\
prime (default: 0.1.0)\
psych (default: 3.1.0)\
public_suffix (2.0.5)\
racc (1.6.0, 1.5.2)\
rake (12.3.2)\
rb-fsevent (0.11.0, 0.10.3)\
rb-inotify (0.10.1, 0.9.10)\
rdoc (default: 6.1.0)\
rexml (default: 3.1.9)\
rouge (2.2.1)\
rss (default: 0.2.7)\
ruby-enum (0.7.2)\
ruby2_keywords (0.0.4)\
ruby_dep (1.5.0)\
rubygems-bundler (1.4.5)\
rubygems-update (3.3.12)\
rubyzip (2.3.0, 1.2.2)\
rvm (1.11.3.9)\
safe_yaml (1.0.5, 1.0.4)\
sass (3.7.4, 3.6.0)\
sass-listen (4.0.0)\
sawyer (0.8.2, 0.8.1)\
scanf (default: 1.0.0)\
sdbm (default: 1.0.0)\
shell (default: 0.7)\
simpleidn (0.2.1)\
stringio (default: 0.0.2)\
strscan (default: 1.0.0)\
sync (default: 0.5.0)\
terminal-table (1.8.0)\
test-unit (3.2.9)\
thread_safe (0.3.6)\
thwait (default: 0.1.0)\
tracer (default: 0.1.0)\
typhoeus (1.4.0, 1.3.0)\
tzinfo (1.2.5)\
unf (0.1.4)\
unf_ext (0.0.7.7)\
unicode-display_width (1.4.0)\
webrick (default: 1.4.2)\
xmlrpc (0.3.0)\
zlib (default: 1.0.0)\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % gem outdated\
activesupport (4.2.10 < 7.0.2.4)\
bigdecimal (1.4.1 < 3.1.2)\
coffee-script-source (1.11.1 < 1.12.2)\
commonmarker (0.17.13 < 0.23.4)\
concurrent-ruby (1.1.9 < 1.1.10)\
csv (3.0.2 < 3.2.3)\
date (1.0.0 < 3.2.2)\
dbm (1.0.0 < 1.1.0)\
did_you_mean (1.3.0 < 1.6.1)\
dnsruby (1.61.7 < 1.61.9)\
em-websocket (0.5.2 < 0.5.3)\
etc (1.0.1 < 1.3.0)\
ethon (0.14.0 < 0.15.0)\
execjs (2.7.0 < 2.8.1)\
executable-hooks (1.6.0 < 1.6.1)\
faraday (1.5.1 < 2.2.0)\
faraday-excon (1.1.0 < 2.1.0)\
faraday-httpclient (1.0.1 < 2.0.1)\
faraday-net_http (1.0.1 < 2.0.2)\
faraday-net_http_persistent (1.2.0 < 2.0.1)\
faraday-patron (1.0.0 < 2.0.1)\
fcntl (1.0.0 < 1.0.1)\
ffi (1.15.3 < 1.15.5)\
fiddle (1.0.0 < 1.1.0)\
fileutils (1.1.0 < 1.6.0)\
forwardable (1.2.0 < 1.3.2)\
gemoji (3.0.0 < 3.0.1)\
github-pages (192 < 226)\
github-pages-health-check (1.8.1 < 1.17.9)\
html-pipeline (2.8.4 < 2.14.1)\
http_parser.rb (0.6.0 < 0.8.0)\
i18n (0.9.5 < 1.10.0)\
io-console (0.4.7 < 0.5.11)\
ipaddr (1.2.2 < 1.2.4)\
irb (1.0.0 < 1.4.1)\
jekyll (3.7.4 < 4.2.2)\
jekyll-avatar (0.6.0 < 0.8.0)\
jekyll-coffeescript (1.1.1 < 2.0.0)\
jekyll-commonmark (1.2.0 < 1.4.0)\
jekyll-commonmark-ghpages (0.1.5 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-default-layout (0.1.4 < 0.1.5)\
jekyll-feed (0.10.0 < 0.16.0)\
jekyll-github-metadata (2.9.4 < 2.13.0)\
jekyll-mentions (1.4.1 < 1.6.0)\
jekyll-optional-front-matter (0.3.0 < 0.3.2)\
jekyll-readme-index (0.2.0 < 0.3.0)\
jekyll-redirect-from (0.14.0 < 0.16.0)\
jekyll-relative-links (0.5.3 < 0.6.1)\
jekyll-remote-theme (0.3.1 < 0.4.3)\
jekyll-sass-converter (1.5.2 < 2.2.0)\
jekyll-seo-tag (2.5.0 < 2.8.0)\
jekyll-sitemap (1.2.0 < 1.4.0)\
jekyll-swiss (0.4.0 < 1.0.0)\
jekyll-theme-architect (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-cayman (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-dinky (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-hacker (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-leap-day (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-merlot (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-midnight (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-minimal (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-modernist (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-primer (0.5.3 < 0.6.0)\
jekyll-theme-slate (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-tactile (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-theme-time-machine (0.1.1 < 0.2.0)\
jekyll-titles-from-headings (0.5.1 < 0.5.3)\
jemoji (0.10.1 < 0.12.0)\
json (2.1.0 < 2.6.1)\
kramdown (2.3.1 < 2.4.0)\
liquid (4.0.0 < 5.3.0)\
listen (3.1.5 < 3.7.1)\
logger (1.3.0 < 1.5.1)\
matrix (0.1.0 < 0.4.2)\
mercenary (0.3.6 < 0.4.0)\
minima (2.5.0 < 2.5.1)\
minitest (5.11.3 < 5.15.0)\
mutex_m (0.1.0 < 0.1.1)\
nokogiri (1.13.3 < 1.13.4)\
octokit (4.21.0 < 4.22.0)\
openssl (2.1.2 < 3.0.0)\
ostruct (0.1.0 < 0.5.5)\
power_assert (1.1.3 < 2.0.1)\
prime (0.1.0 < 0.1.2)\
psych (3.1.0 < 4.0.3)\
public_suffix (2.0.5 < 4.0.7)\
rake (12.3.2 < 13.0.6)\
rb-fsevent (0.11.0 < 0.11.1)\
rdoc (6.1.0 < 6.4.0)\
rexml (3.1.9 < 3.2.5)\
rouge (2.2.1 < 3.28.0)\
rss (0.2.7 < 0.2.9)\
ruby-enum (0.7.2 < 0.9.0)\
ruby2_keywords (0.0.4 < 0.0.5)\
rubyzip (2.3.0 < 2.3.2)\
sawyer (0.8.2 < 0.9.1)\
shell (0.7 < 0.8.1)\
stringio (0.0.2 < 3.0.1)\
strscan (1.0.0 < 3.0.1)\
terminal-table (1.8.0 < 3.0.2)\
test-unit (3.2.9 < 3.5.3)\
thwait (0.1.0 < 0.2.0)\
tracer (0.1.0 < 0.1.1)\
tzinfo (1.2.5 < 2.0.4)\
unf_ext (0.0.7.7 < 0.0.8.1)\
unicode-display_width (1.4.0 < 2.1.0)\
webrick (1.4.2 < 1.7.0)\
xmlrpc (0.3.0 < 0.3.2)\
zlib (1.0.0 < 2.1.1)\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % bundle install\
Bundler 2.3.12 is running, but your lockfile was generated with 1.14.6. Installing Bundler 1.14.6 and restarting using that version.\
Fetching gem metadata from https://rubygems.org/.\
\cf3 Fetching bundler 1.14.6\cf2 \
\cf3 Installing bundler 1.14.6\cf2 \
Using concurrent-ruby 1.1.9\
Using minitest 5.11.3\
Using thread_safe 0.3.6\
Using public_suffix 2.0.5\
Using coffee-script-source 1.11.1\
Using execjs 2.7.0\
Using colorator 1.1.0\
Using unf_ext 0.0.7.7\
Using eventmachine 1.2.7\
Using http_parser.rb 0.6.0\
Using ffi 1.15.3\
Using faraday-em_http 1.0.0\
Using faraday-em_synchrony 1.0.0\
Using faraday-excon 1.1.0\
Using faraday-httpclient 1.0.1\
Using faraday-net_http 1.0.1\
Using faraday-net_http_persistent 1.2.0\
Using faraday-patron 1.0.0\
Using multipart-post 2.1.1\
Using ruby2_keywords 0.0.4\
Using forwardable-extended 2.6.0\
Using gemoji 3.0.0\
Using rb-fsevent 0.11.0\
Using ruby_dep 1.5.0\
Using kramdown 1.17.0\
Using liquid 4.0.0\
Using mercenary 0.3.6\
Using rouge 2.2.1\
Using safe_yaml 1.0.5\
Using racc 1.6.0\
Using jekyll-paginate 1.1.0\
Using rubyzip 2.3.0\
Using jekyll-swiss 0.4.0\
Using unicode-display_width 1.4.0\
Using mini_portile2 2.8.0\
Using bundler 1.14.6\
Using i18n 0.9.5\
Using tzinfo 1.2.5\
Using addressable 2.8.0\
Using coffee-script 2.4.1\
Using unf 0.1.4\
Using em-websocket 0.5.2\
Using ethon 0.14.0\
Using rb-inotify 0.10.1\
Using faraday 1.5.1\
Using pathutil 0.16.2\
Using nokogiri 1.13.3 (x86_64-darwin)\
Using terminal-table 1.8.0\
Using ruby-enum 0.7.2\
Using activesupport 4.2.10\
Using jekyll-coffeescript 1.1.1\
Using simpleidn 0.2.1\
Using typhoeus 1.4.0\
Using sass-listen 4.0.0\
Using listen 3.1.5\
Using sawyer 0.8.2\
Using commonmarker 0.17.13\
Using html-pipeline 2.8.4\
Using dnsruby 1.61.7\
Using sass 3.7.4\
Using jekyll-watch 2.2.1\
Using octokit 4.21.0\
Using jekyll-sass-converter 1.5.2\
Using github-pages-health-check 1.8.1\
Using jekyll-gist 1.5.0\
Using jekyll 3.7.4\
Using jekyll-avatar 0.6.0\
Using jekyll-commonmark 1.2.0\
Using jekyll-default-layout 0.1.4\
Using jekyll-feed 0.10.0\
Using jekyll-github-metadata 2.9.4\
Using jekyll-mentions 1.4.1\
Using jekyll-optional-front-matter 0.3.0\
Using jekyll-readme-index 0.2.0\
Using jekyll-redirect-from 0.14.0\
Using jekyll-relative-links 0.5.3\
Using jekyll-remote-theme 0.3.1\
Using jekyll-seo-tag 2.5.0\
Using jekyll-sitemap 1.2.0\
Using jekyll-titles-from-headings 0.5.1\
Using jemoji 0.10.1\
Using jekyll-commonmark-ghpages 0.1.5\
Using jekyll-theme-architect 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-cayman 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-dinky 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-hacker 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-leap-day 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-merlot 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-midnight 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-minimal 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-modernist 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-primer 0.5.3\
Using jekyll-theme-slate 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-tactile 0.1.1\
Using jekyll-theme-time-machine 0.1.1\
Using minima 2.5.0\
Using github-pages 192\
\cf3 Bundle complete! 1 Gemfile dependency, 97 gems now installed.\cf2 \
\cf3 Use `bundle show [gemname]` to see where a bundled gem is installed.\cf2 \
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % gem list\
\
*** LOCAL GEMS ***\
\
activesupport (4.2.10)\
addressable (2.8.0, 2.5.2)\
bigdecimal (default: 1.4.1)\
bundler (default: 2.3.12, 1.14.6)\
bundler-unload (1.0.2)\
cmath (default: 1.0.0)\
coffee-script (2.4.1)\
coffee-script-source (1.11.1)\
colorator (1.1.0)\
commonmarker (0.17.13)\
concurrent-ruby (1.1.9, 1.0.5)\
csv (default: 3.0.2)\
date (default: 1.0.0)\
dbm (default: 1.0.0)\
did_you_mean (1.3.0)\
dnsruby (1.61.7, 1.61.2)\
e2mmap (default: 0.1.0)\
em-websocket (0.5.2, 0.5.1)\
etc (default: 1.0.1)\
ethon (0.14.0, 0.11.0)\
eventmachine (1.2.7)\
execjs (2.7.0)\
executable-hooks (1.6.0)\
faraday (1.5.1, 0.15.3)\
faraday-em_http (1.0.0)\
faraday-em_synchrony (1.0.0)\
faraday-excon (1.1.0)\
faraday-httpclient (1.0.1)\
faraday-net_http (1.0.1)\
faraday-net_http_persistent (1.2.0)\
faraday-patron (1.0.0)\
fcntl (default: 1.0.0)\
ffi (1.15.3, 1.9.25)\
fiddle (default: 1.0.0)\
fileutils (default: 1.1.0)\
forwardable (default: 1.2.0)\
forwardable-extended (2.6.0)\
gem-wrappers (1.4.0)\
gemoji (3.0.0)\
github-pages (192)\
github-pages-health-check (1.8.1)\
html-pipeline (2.8.4)\
http_parser.rb (0.6.0)\
i18n (0.9.5)\
io-console (default: 0.4.7)\
ipaddr (default: 1.2.2)\
irb (default: 1.0.0)\
jekyll (3.7.4)\
jekyll-avatar (0.6.0)\
jekyll-coffeescript (1.1.1)\
jekyll-commonmark (1.2.0)\
jekyll-commonmark-ghpages (0.1.5)\
jekyll-default-layout (0.1.4)\
jekyll-feed (0.10.0)\
jekyll-gist (1.5.0)\
jekyll-github-metadata (2.9.4)\
jekyll-mentions (1.4.1)\
jekyll-optional-front-matter (0.3.0)\
jekyll-paginate (1.1.0)\
jekyll-readme-index (0.2.0)\
jekyll-redirect-from (0.14.0)\
jekyll-relative-links (0.5.3)\
jekyll-remote-theme (0.3.1)\
jekyll-sass-converter (1.5.2)\
jekyll-seo-tag (2.5.0)\
jekyll-sitemap (1.2.0)\
jekyll-swiss (0.4.0)\
jekyll-theme-architect (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-cayman (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-dinky (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-hacker (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-leap-day (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-merlot (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-midnight (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-minimal (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-modernist (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-primer (0.5.3)\
jekyll-theme-slate (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-tactile (0.1.1)\
jekyll-theme-time-machine (0.1.1)\
jekyll-titles-from-headings (0.5.1)\
jekyll-watch (2.2.1, 2.1.2)\
jemoji (0.10.1)\
json (default: 2.1.0)\
kramdown (2.3.1, 1.17.0)\
liquid (4.0.0)\
listen (3.1.5)\
logger (default: 1.3.0)\
matrix (default: 0.1.0)\
mercenary (0.3.6)\
mini_portile2 (2.8.0, 2.6.1, 2.5.1, 2.4.0, 2.3.0)\
minima (2.5.0)\
minitest (5.11.3)\
multipart-post (2.1.1, 2.0.0)\
mutex_m (default: 0.1.0)\
net-telnet (0.2.0)\
nokogiri (1.13.3 x86_64-darwin, 1.12.5 x86_64-darwin, 1.11.4 x86_64-darwin, 1.10.10, 1.8.5)\
octokit (4.21.0, 4.13.0)\
openssl (default: 2.1.2)\
ostruct (default: 0.1.0)\
pathutil (0.16.2, 0.16.1)\
power_assert (1.1.3)\
prime (default: 0.1.0)\
psych (default: 3.1.0)\
public_suffix (2.0.5)\
racc (1.6.0, 1.5.2)\
rake (12.3.2)\
rb-fsevent (0.11.0, 0.10.3)\
rb-inotify (0.10.1, 0.9.10)\
rdoc (default: 6.1.0)\
rexml (default: 3.1.9)\
rouge (2.2.1)\
rss (default: 0.2.7)\
ruby-enum (0.7.2)\
ruby2_keywords (0.0.4)\
ruby_dep (1.5.0)\
rubygems-bundler (1.4.5)\
rubygems-update (3.3.12)\
rubyzip (2.3.0, 1.2.2)\
rvm (1.11.3.9)\
safe_yaml (1.0.5, 1.0.4)\
sass (3.7.4, 3.6.0)\
sass-listen (4.0.0)\
sawyer (0.8.2, 0.8.1)\
scanf (default: 1.0.0)\
sdbm (default: 1.0.0)\
shell (default: 0.7)\
simpleidn (0.2.1)\
stringio (default: 0.0.2)\
strscan (default: 1.0.0)\
sync (default: 0.5.0)\
terminal-table (1.8.0)\
test-unit (3.2.9)\
thread_safe (0.3.6)\
thwait (default: 0.1.0)\
tracer (default: 0.1.0)\
typhoeus (1.4.0, 1.3.0)\
tzinfo (1.2.5)\
unf (0.1.4)\
unf_ext (0.0.7.7)\
unicode-display_width (1.4.0)\
webrick (default: 1.4.2)\
xmlrpc (0.3.0)\
zlib (default: 1.0.0)\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % install nokogiri\
usage: install [-bCcpSsv] [-B suffix] [-f flags] [-g group] [-m mode]\
               [-o owner] file1 file2\
       install [-bCcpSsv] [-B suffix] [-f flags] [-g group] [-m mode]\
               [-o owner] file1 ... fileN directory\
       install -d [-v] [-g group] [-m mode] [-o owner] directory ...\
hollybraun@braunbook hollyadele.github.io % \
}